all right this is my review of my new
sony dvd handycam it's the DC RG vd108
now I really love this camera has a
built-in lens cover touch panel LCD
night vision has infrared night vision
which is really good the range of the
night vision is only about 8 feet but
that's pretty much all you need that you
could buy an accessory it's um it's like
a flash strobe you put on top but it
acts as a video light and it's a couple
infrared LEDs the hell this zoom is just
amazing it's 40 times optical in two
thousand times digital it has two
settings for the digital zoom it has 80
x digital and two thousand times digital
I have it on a tee times digital
touchscreen that's nice I use the DVD
plus our W disks and I store them on my
iPod I have a really good system going I
can record as much as I want go home my
guitar teacher loaned me some software
that lets me convert it so then I put it
on my iPod I have a 30 gig video it's
one of the old ones then I erased the
dix disc and just use it again now
2-pack of the DVD + RW discs is about
eight dollars only one thing I don't
like about this camera is once you press
the open a hatch button it takes about
10 seconds to open now currently I don't
have one of the + RW discs in I'd have a
normal - R but it's because I'm
recording um my family's Christmas
battery life is decent could be better
I have the NP f40 that's the stock
battery and it lasts about a hundred
minutes you can buy the NP F 50 which is
120 or you can go up to the MPF 100
which is about five hundred and sixty
minutes but batteries about a hundred
and fifty or something bucks I don't
know but oh it's just I love this camera
the controls are easy to use my grandma
can use this camera she actually knows
how to use it which is remarkable it's
pretty much all I have to say about it
it's just it's a good overall camera I
recommend it to anybody looking for an
entry-level DVD camcorder it runs retail
350 but I got a really good deal at best
buy for 319 no not this by Circuit City
yeah they have a Christmas deal on
cameras but anyways I'm getting off
topic yeah this is my review of the sony
handycam DCR DVD 108